see that light and I was little I used
to think of it as my own private relay
to her I think I could use it to send
messages to anybody I wanted I could
just stare at it I could communicate
with God or matali anybody
what's it like to drive women crazy
thank you to welcome a little girl
trouble around here every now and then
I'm not gonna know what the salmon get
so nervous that's how she knows that you
like her yes sir most found a girlfriend
you know I don't think I've ever seen
your father laugh outright at a single
thing I can't remember if they ever
lived well he must have really loved her
was he doing in there anyway it's like
he's on some kind of mission he was in
there all last night
can I help you something your father
here get away from that foolish Mack
reward I'm in some kind of trouble tell
me what the hell's going on he bring
your boyfriend's no what the hell are
you doing fella
I don't nothing happened keep it that
way she don't deserve your shit
just better than that I don't want any
more scenes like that around here what
happened you can get the hell out of
here right now the two of them knew the
secret of everything that map
ooh
run away with me
I really like thinking of people as
types I thinking people can surprise you
well I have
nearly all